Now that you know how to
import text files into Python,
we're going to
take this one step
further and learn how to
give them a structure.
This will allow us to
analyze them more easily.
This process is often
referred to as parsing.
Parsing is the process of
converting data into a
more readable format.
To do this, we're going to
put together everything
we learned about
lists and strings and learn
another method for working
with strings in Python.
The method we need
is the split method.
The split method converts
a string into a list.
It does this by separating
the string based on a
specified character.
Or, if no argument is passed,
every time it encounters
a whitespace,
it separates the string.
So, a split would
convert the string
"We are learning about
parsing!" into this list.
We are using the split method
to separate the strings into
smaller chunks that
we can analyze more
easily than one
big block of text.
In this video, we'll
work with an example of
a security log where
every line represents
a new data point.
To store these points in a list,
we want to separate the
text based on the new line.
Python considers a new line
to be a type of whitespace.
We can use the split method
without passing an argument.
We'll start with our code
from the previous video.
Remember, we used
this code to open
a file and then read
it into a string.
Now, let's split
that string into
a list using the split method
and then print the output.
After we run it,
Python outputs a list of
usernames instead of
one big string of them.
If we want to save this list,
we would need to assign
it to another variable.
For example, we can call
the variable usernames.
And then we'll run it again.
And now this list can be
reused in other code.
Congratulations!
You just learned the basics of
parsing a text file in Python.
In the next videos, we're
going to be exploring
techniques that help us
work more in depth
with data in Python.